‎The Israelites had to deal
with pressure from relatives
‎who did not serve Jehovah,
‎and Israel was surrounded
by rich and powerful nations.
‎When the Israelites relied on Jehovah,
‎he protected them from their enemies.
‎Often, though,
his people allowed themselves
‎to be corrupted by their neighbors.
‎How did Jehovah respond?
‎Chapter 7 has the title
‎“The Nations ‘Will Have to Know
That I Am Jehovah.’”
‎That declaration appears repeatedly
throughout Ezekiel’s prophecy.
‎The theme scripture for this chapter
contains a similar thought.
‎Please read Ezekiel 25:17 with me:
‎“I will execute on them
great acts of vengeance
‎“with furious punishments,
‎“and they will have to know
that I am Jehovah
‎when I bring my vengeance on them.”
‎We can learn much
by examining the way that the Israelites
‎interacted with the surrounding people
‎—including many who were related to them—
‎and the way that Jehovah responded.
‎So when you prepare this material,
‎look for the answers to these questions:
‎Why should it not surprise us
‎if family members
oppose our worship of Jehovah?
‎About what should we remain confident
‎even if powerful governments persecute us?
‎What lesson can we learn
from the inhabitants of Tyre?
‎And how can we show
that we know Jehovah?
‎As you study this chapter, ask yourself,
‎‘How can I use the key points
discussed to encourage someone,
‎‘such as a Bible student,
‎to prepare for opposition?’
‎It’s so important
that all of us remain loyal to Jehovah!
‎Only then can we give him pure worship.